WordNet::Query perl module
--------------------------

Allows a simple easy perl interface to the WordNet system.  You must
already have the WordNet system
(http://www.cogsci.princeton.edu/~wn/obtain/) to use this module.

Access to WordNet is done through the 'wn' command line program that
comes with the WordNet package.  'wn' must be executable from the
command-line (in your $PATH) for this module to function.  Because
this module does not access the WordNet data more directly, some
queries can take a while.  This module is not designed for any sort of
batch processing.  See WordNet::QueryData for jobs that require
extracting lots of WordNet relations.  This module is also limited in
that it only deals with nouns.  WordNet::QueryData is much cleaner and
allows full access to WordNet relations.

PREREQUISITES
-------------

Perl5
WordNet 1.6 (http://www.cogsci.princeton.edu/~wn/obtain/)

BUILD & INSTALL
---------------

To build do:

perl Makefile.PL
make
make test

To install do:

make install

DOCUMENTATION
-------------

The included man page (do 'perldoc WordNet::Query' to extract) should
give you a good idea of how to use this module and what it is good
for.  You may also wish to take a look at WordNet::QueryData if you
find that this module doesn't have everything that you need.  Query
was my first attempt at a perl module WordNet interface.  QueryData is
my second.  QueryData is much cleaner and is much better for any sort
of batch jobs (extracting lots of WordNet relations) as it accesses
the WordNet data files directly.

WordNet perl modules can be found at
http://www.ai.mit.edu/~jrennie/WordNet/

COPYRIGHT
---------

Copyright 1999 Jason Rennie <jrennie@ai.mit.edu>  All rights reserved.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
